In the section we're going to discuss network address translation or not and port address translation
or pet.
We'll discuss why Knecht is required.
Why do we use net in networks today.
We'll also discuss the difference between fact and past and we'll discuss the Cisco term overloading
which implies that a lot of network engineers talk about net even though they actually mean packed.
So we need to understand the differences between those two terms.
And as always I'd like to demonstrate how to set up Nat using the command line interface.
We'll look at different types of not including static not dynamic Nat and Pacht or overloading as Cisco
call it.